Runtime upgrade in provisioner (#1153)
kyma-incubator/compass: components/provisioner/README.md

| **APP_DATABASE_PORT** | Database port | `5432` |
| **APP_DATABASE_NAME** | Database name | `provisioner` |
| **APP_DATABASE_SSL_MODE** | SSL Mode for PostgrSQL. See all the possible values [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/libpq-ssl.html)  | `disable`|
| **APP_PROVISIONING_TIMEOUT_INSTALLATION** | Kyma installation timeout | `60m`|
| **APP_PROVISIONING_TIMEOUT_UPGRADE** | Kyma installation timeout | `60m`|
| **APP_PROVISIONING_TIMEOUT_AGENT_CONFIGURATION** | Runtime Agent configuration timeout | `15m`|
| **APP_PROVISIONING_TIMEOUT_AGENT_CONNECTION** | Runtime Agent connection timeout | `15m`|
| **APP_GARDENER_PROJECT** | Name of the Gardener project connected to the service account  | `gardenerProject`|
| **APP_GARDENER_KUBECONFIG_PATH** | Filepath for the Gardener kubeconfig  | `./dev/kubeconfig.yaml`|
| **APP_GARDENER_AUDIT_LOGS_POLICY_CONFIG_MAP** | Name of the Config Map containing the audit logs policy  | **optional** |
| **APP_GARDENER_AUDIT_LOGS_TENANT** | Tenant used for storing audit logs  | **optional** |
| **APP_PROVISIONER** | Provisioning mechanism used by the Runtime Provisioner (Gardener or Hydroform) | `gardener`|

> | **APP_ENQUEUE_IN_PROGRESS_OPERATIONS** | Specifies if operations in `InProgress` state should be enqueued on the application start | `true`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_ENQUEUE_IN_PROGRESS_OPERATIONS** | Specifies whether operations in the `InProgress` state should be enqueued on the application startup | `true`|
```
